
1. What is an LLM? 
LLM is type of AI that is trained on a large volume of language and data to understand patterns and predict a next plausible word in a sequence. 

2. Why does ChatGPT sometimes hallucinate? 
ChatGPT is a tool based on LLM to generate response to user's prompt based on ground information. A hallucination is when chatGPT provides incorrect or irrelevant response not knowing much context and taks or not having been fed with ground information that is right.  

3. What is a token? 
Tokens are generated by LLM as it processes a sequence. The goal of AI is to predict the next token which is often a word based on pattern identification. 

4. What is a context window? 
A context window is when the user's prompt includes details related to what help is needed, how chatGPT can help to achieve that and what output is desired out of this request. 

5. What does a temperature control? 
Temperature setting controls how varied ChatGPT can respond to even if the same prompt is provided again. Given it's LLM based and that it's trained on language patterns, there is often multiple next word guess in a sequence letting ChatGPT respond differently for same prompt. 

6. If you were building a chatbot, what temperature would you use and why? 
I would use 0.7 as more than 1 can be used for creative outputs. 

7. What is the difference between ChatGPT and the OpenAI API
ChatGPT is a tool built on LLM AI and offer an interface to use LLMs safely. 
OpenAI API is an interface containing standard suite of code functions that users can call within their software code or program to invoke LLMs and use AI to generate or process data. 


